Use Case: Creation of an asset within the database system

Actors:
User
Database System

Description: this use case describes the process of adding a new asset to the database system.
An asset can be any piece of hardware that is used on the company network, and this use case
allows the user to input all relevant data into the system.

Preconditions:
The user is logged into the system.
The user has the nescessary permissions to add new assets.
The system is running on a windows machine.

Flow of Events:

1. The user initiates the process to add an asset to the system.
2. The user should specify whether they wish to add the in use asset to the system or would
like to enter the data for another asset.
3. The system presents a data submission form with entry fields for the following data:
    -System Name (Automatically retrieved from the system unless specifised otherwise)
    -Model (Automatically retrieved from the system unless specifised otherwise)
    -Manufacturer (Automatically retrieved from the system unless specifised otherwise)
    -Type (Automatically retrieved from the system unless specifised otherwise)
    -IP Address (Automatically retrieved from the system unless specifised otherwise)
    -Purchase Date (If available on a physical sticker)
    -Additional Notes (If applicable)
    -Employee (linked to an existing employee responsible for the asset)
    -Department (The department the asset is stored; selected from a predefined list: finance
    -HR, operations, sales, or IT)
4. The user fills the required information for the form.
5. The system validates the entered information, ensuring that mandatory fields are not empty
and that the enetered data is in the correct format.
6. If the validation is successful, the system generates a unique identifier for the asset.
7. The system associates the asset with the relevant employee and department
8. The system attempts to store the data within the online database.
9. The system confrims the successful addition of the asset and provides the user with a
confirmation message.
10. The process terminates and the use case ends.

Alternative Flows:

5a. The data fails validation checks due to incorrect or missing data. The systems displays
an error message and prompts the user to correct any mistakes. The use case returns to step 4.
8a. The system is unable to upload the asset to the database due to connection or techincal
issues. The system will display an error and prompt the user to try again or advise them to
report the issue.
- The user decides to cancel the operation, the use case ends, no asset is added to the database.    
